---
layout: post
title: Submitting a Proposal to Host WILU 2021
permalink: /about/2021/
is_preload: true
---

 {% include about-navigation.html %}

The University or Chief Librarian or Director of Libraries of the interested institution will apply in writing by Friday, December 6th, 2019 to: WILU 2020 Steering Committee at <{{ site.email }}>. The proposal may be submitted by email to <{{ site.email }}> with the subject line: WILU 2021 Host Proposal. Please feel free to contact us if you have any questions regarding your proposal.

Proposals will be approximately two pages in length and should address the selection criteria.

### Selection Criteria
- Normally, WILU travels back and forth across Canada to ensure that participants from all regions have an opportunity to attend without long-distance travel; however, this pattern is flexible and all interested hosts will be considered.
- Institutions interested in hosting must have the support of their University or Chief Librarian or Director of Libraries.
- Applicants should demonstrate enough local interest to staff a conference committee.
- Institutions should have suitable conference facilities.
- Institutions must be able to offer all delegates accommodations, either on campus or in the vicinity of the conference facilities.

In the case of multiple applicants for the same year, preference may be given to institutions who have never hosted WILU or who have hosted it less recently than others. 

Please refer to the WILU History page for an overview of WILU values and past conference themes. 

Successful applicants will be notified in early 2021.
