---
layout: post
title: Speaker Bios
permalink: /program/speakers/
---
<a name="keynote-1"></a>**Kim Brooks** is the Purdy Crawford Chair in Business Law, a teacher at Dalhousie’s Schulich School of Law, a 3M Fellow, and a sometimes student. *([Opening keynote description](/program#keynote-1).)*

<a name="keynote-2"></a>**Veronica Arellano Douglas** is the Instruction Coordinator at the University of Houston Libraries. Her research interests focus on the intersection of gender, race, ethnicity and labor in academic libraries, applying relational-cultural theory to librarianship, and critical information literacy pedagogy. You can find her writing at ACRLog and on her personal blog, Libraries + Inquiry. *([Closing keynote description](/program#keynote-2).)*

<a name="workshop-1"></a>**Lauren Hays, PhD**, is an Assistant Professor of Instructional Technology at the University of Central Missouri. Previously, she was the Instructional and Research Librarian at MidAmerica Nazarene University in Olathe, KS where she enjoyed teaching and being a member of her institution’s Faculty Development Committee. She has co-presented at the annual conference for the International Society for the Scholarship of Teaching and Learning and was the 2017 speaker on SoTL for the Association of College and Research Libraries’ Student Learning and Information Literacy Committee’s Midwinter Discussion. Recently, she co-edited a book titled The Grounded Instruction Librarian: Participating in the Scholarship of Teaching and Learning that was published by the Association of College and Research Libraries. Her professional interests include SoTL, teaching, information literacy, educational technology, library and information science education, teacher identity, and academic development. On a personal note, she loves dogs, traveling, and home. *([Workshop description](/program/workshops#workshop-1).)*


<a name="workshop-2"></a>**Katie McLean, LIT, MLIS, AHIP**, is an information professional with Nova Scotia Health Authority (NSHA) in the Halifax area. Katie has worked in a variety of libraries (public, academic and special) with responsibilities including researching the history of computing at McGill University as part of the History of McGill Project, and managing Outreach Services and bookmobile visits for the Annapolis Valley Regional Library. At NSHA, Katie's primary responsibilities are managing and developing content for the Library's training and education program, coordinating the Library's web presence, and supervising the Dickson Building Library site. Katie is currently Vice-President of the Maritimes Health Libraries Association (MHLA) and holds senior designation with the Medical Library Association’s Academy of Health Information Professionals (AHIP). She has co-authored formal publications on topics such as an iPad lending program in hospital and wheelchair skills training program effectiveness. Katie is interested in making modern info literacy skills practical for adult learners and creating knowledge products that are easy to understand and pleasing to the eye. *([Workshop description](/program/workshops#workshop-2).)*

<a name="workshop-3"></a>**Dr. Betsy Keating** is an Educational Developer with Dalhousie's Centre for Teaching and Learning. She has an MA in English and a PhD in Educational Studies with an emphasis on cognition and learning in higher education. Betsy has been a long-time advocate for instructors' development, helping them to frame and present evidence of their teaching effectiveness from multiple sources, and supporting discussions about how evidence is, and/or might be, used for both growth and promotion. *([Workshop description](/program/workshops#workshop-3).)*
